JDK 1.8
Maven 3.6.3 (SQL mapping framework)
  -  settings.xml (apache-maven-3.6.3)
IntelliJ IDEA 3.2.0 IDE
Navicat 15.0 - MySQL IDE
mysql-installer-community-8.0.22.0
Postman 8.6.2 - testing web APIs
Git 2.3.0 - version control
Jenkins - deploy project

-----------
JD ko
 
I participated in the development of Risk management project and Trainee system in which I am assigned in the development of the APIs pertaining in the permissions of the member. I am also participating in the development whenever we have a new game, the third party sends us demands that contain different APIs but I focus in the API that is used in retrieving records.
I provide technical support to customer service in resolving data discrepancies regarding the members' missing records, duplicate records, game name null and checking for unsynchronized data in third party's site.
I am also in charge of coordinating with third party's partner provider whenever we encounter problems with pulling up records.
-----------
Iteration flow:

1. since we follow agile software development using scrum, We will have our Sprint planning or requirements review 
2. daily scrum meeting this also includes the task delegations
3. 1 week development for the Iteration tasks
4. do some joint debugging with frontend before the smoke test for FAT environment deployment
5. 2-3 days for bug fixing if there is some bugs that occur during the First round of testing
6. if all bugs are fixed and there is no more issues we proceed with UAT until Production deployment
-----------
Java 8 features:
>Lamda expressions - are similiar to methods but they don't need a name and they can be implemented in the body of method.
>Streams API - is used to process collections of objects.
>Default methods - 
>Functional Interfaces - 
>Method references - 
>Optional - 
>Date and Time API - 
>CompletableFuture - 

Springboot features
>Auto-configuration - SB automatically configure application based on the dependencies you added to the project.
>SpringBoot Starter - SB has starter dependencies that can be used in web development and data access.
>Embedded servers - SB has embedded servers like Tomcat so we don't need to deploy our project to a separate server during development.

Spring Framework features
>Spring MVC - m.v.c architecture for building web applications with flexible URL mapping, support for RESTful APIs and for request handling.
>Spring Boot - is used to creat Spring applications with minimal configuration because it provides auto-configuration and embedded servers.
>Dependecy Injection - in DI object are passed their dependencies instead of creating them (ex. we can use the Lombok dependency to us the @Data annotation to automatically generate getters and setters for the fields in a java class.

Importance of unit testing
  With the use of unit testing we will be able to detect the bugs early and we can ensure the code quality. Unit testing also serve as a form of documentation so that it will be easier for the developers to understand how the code should behave and how its intended to use

Git commands
>git commit -m "[commit message]": Commits the changes in the current branch to the local repository with a commit message describing the changes.
>git push: Pushes the local commits to the remote repository.
>git pull: Fetches changes from the remote repository and merges them into the current branch.
>git checkout [branch]: Switches to the specified branch.
>git merge [branch]: Merges changes from the specified branch into the current branch.
