List features of the Java Programming Language?
  1. Easy. Easy to learn.
  2. Secured Feature. Java has a secured feature that helps develop a virus-free and tamper-free system for users.
  3. OOP. OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming. OOP signifies that in Java everything is considered an object.
  4. Platform Independent. Java is compiled into platform-independent bytecode. This code is interpreted by the Virtual Machine on which the platform runs.

Define package in Java.
  The package is a collective bundle of classes and interfaces and the necessary libraries and JAR files. The use of packages helps in code reusability.

Differentiate between instance and local variables.
  For instance, variables are declared inside a class and the scope of variables is limited to only a specific object while a local variable can be anywhere inside a method or a specific block of code and also the scope is limited to the code segment where the variable is declared.

What is an exception?
  An exception handling in Java is considered an unexpected event that can disrupt the program's normal flow. These events can be fixed through the process of Exception Handling.

How do exceptions affect the program if it doesn't handle them?
  If you don't deal with exceptions once it occurs the program will end and the code after the line where the exception occurred won't run.

Describe the process of exception handling in Java.
  Try-catch is the common method in handling exceptions, put the code you want to run in the try block and any java exception that the code throws are caught by the catch block.

What is the final keyword in Java?
  The term final is a predefined word in Java that is used while declaring values to variable. When a value is declared using the final keyword, then the variable's value remains constant throughout the program's execution.

What is the difference between the program and the process?
  A program is a collection of codes necessary to carry out a specific operation. When a progrmam is run, an active instance of the program called a process is launched. A process is begun by a program once is has run. The process carries out the program's specific instructions.

What is the difference between constructor and method of a class in Java?
  A constructor is used to initialize and object and a method is consist of java code to be executed.

Why does the java array start with 0?
  The distance from the array's beginning is just an offset. There is no distance because the first element is at the beginning of the array. Consequently, the offset is 0.

Define System.out.println().
  It outputs the argument that was supplied to it. On the moitor, the println() method displays the findings. An objectname is typically used to call a method.

What is the best way to inject dependency? Also, state the reason.
  Constructor injection. A class requesting its dependencies through its function Object() is the most typical instance of dependency injection. Since the client cannot be constructed without the required dependencies, this guaranteed that it is always in a correct state.

Explain "this" keyword in java.
  The "this" is used to refer to the current class properties like method, instance, variable and constructors.

Explain "super" keyword in java.
  The "super" keyword refers to the immediate parent class object.

Explain the term enumeration in Java.
  Enumeration or enum is an interface in Java. Enum allows the sequential access of the elements stored in a collection in Java.

What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface?
  Abstract classes can have method with implementations while interface provides absolute abstraction and can't have any method implementations.

What is the purpose of the static keyword?
  It is used for memory management, and also it is used to share the same variable or method of a given class.

Explain the differences between ArrayList and LinkedList.
  Arraylist uses dynamic array to store elements and its better in storing and accessing data while LinkedList uses double linked list to store elements and its better for manipulating data.

What is JDBC?
  JDBC means Java Database Connector. It is used to establish connectivity between an existing database and a Java application.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What is Spring Boot and what are the benefits?
  It represents a fusion of lightweight Spring application framework, configuration annotations and embedded HTTP server. It aids the development of fast, responsive and secure web applications.

What are the key dependencies of Spring Boot?
  spring-boot-starter-parent
  spring-boot-maven plugin
  spring-boot-starter-test
  spring-boot-starter-security
  spring-boot-starteractuator
  spring-boot-starter-web

What is the main function in springboot and its role?
  @SpringBootApplication, it loads the container and many default components.

What are the advantages of Spring Boot?
  It is very simple to create Spring-based apps in Java.
  It eliminates the requirement to write.
  It cuts down the development time and also increases the output.

How do you create a Spring boot project using Maven?

How to connect Spring Boot application to a database using JDBC?
  Configure the JDBC properties in the application.properties or application.yml file.

What are the different formats of a spring configuration file?
  Properties and yml.

What is the @RestController annotation in Spring Boot?
  @RestController is a Spring Boot annotation used to create RESTful web services.

What is @RequestMapping annotaion in Spring Boot?
  @RequestMapping is a Spring Boot annotation used to map a URL request to a controller method.

What is Controller and RestController?
  @Controller is used to return the specified page and @RestController returns JSON, XML or mediTypeContent.

Spring vs. Spring Boot?
  Spring is a framework that provides modules for building exterprise-level applications while Spring Boot is a framework that simplifies Spring development by providing a pre-configured environment that enables developers to focus on building the application logic.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Give some SQL function examples and what they do.
  SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE

What is the purpose of an index?
  To speed up searching of data in database tables but sacrifices the insertion.

What is the basic rule in creating an index?
  Leftmost rule - the leftmost part of the index will be prioritized. Once not found, the query will not use the index.

Give some common practices in optimizing SQL performance.
  Limit the index on search fields only.
  Limit the number of columns in a table, create a subtable with a reference ID instead.
  Avoid using functions in where clause if it is avoidable, if not, limit the use of functions to a few.
  Optimize field type based on the reality when it is used.

What is the difference of GROUP_BY and ORDER_BY?
  ORDER_BY - sorts the resultSet
  GROUP_BY - groups the rows with the same 






What are the different types of memory in Java?
What is method overloading and method overriding? How do they differ?
How does garbage collection work in Java?
What is the equals() method used for, and how is it different from ==?
What is a thread, and how can you create and manage threads in Java?
Explain the final keyword in Java and how it's used.
What is a Java annotation, and can you provide some built-in annotations?
Describe the concept of synchronization and how it's used in Java.
What is the purpose of the try-with-resources statement?
Explain the concept of Java's "boxing" and "unboxing".
